CS 240 -- Lab 07

IMPORTANT NOTE:
	YOU ARE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT SOMETHING BEFORE THE END OF LAB TODAY.
	DO NOT PUT THIS OFF UNTIL THE LAST MINUTE AS IT WILL WASTE BOTH
	YOUR TIME AND THE TIME OF THE TA/CA.

Instructions:
	In order to get the code you will be using for your assignment today,
	you will have to use wget to get the following three files:
	
	http://bingweb.binghamton.edu/~jhartog/07/Driver.cpp
	http://bingweb.binghamton.edu/~jhartog/07/Stack.h
	http://bingweb.binghamton.edu/~jhartog/07/Queue.h


To complete this lab, perform each of the following tasks:

1) Using the definition of the templated Stack class provided, use your
code for the templated DLinkedList to flesh out your Stack class. Note that
you can do this EVEN IF you did not complete the pre-lab assignment.

2) Using the definition of the templated Queue class provided, use your
code for the templated DLinkedList to flesh out your Queue class. Note that
you can do this EVEN IF you did not complete the pre-lab assignment.

3) Read through and understand what is expected output from the Driver code
provided. (This code has been tested and does not contain memory leaks.)

4) Modify your Makefile to produce an executable called "lab07". This file should
use the Driver.cpp, Stack.h, and Queue.h files, as well as your DLinkedList class
(and any other class you may have written when implementing DLinkedList). Your code
for the pre-lab should already be implemented in files with the names DLinkedList.h
and DLinkedList.cc

5) Run the executable and verify the results. Since the output of your program
depends on random numbers, you should test your executable several times.

6) Verify that you have no leaks when you run your program through valgrind (see
the bottom of this file for reference to the valgrind command). Run your program
multiple times through valgrind, to verify that you do not have any leaks.

7) Once you are satisfied that your code passes the provided tests, create a
directory that bears your username. For instance, if my login to the PODS machines
was jdoe6, then my folder will be named "jdoe6".

8) Copy all relevant files into this directory (Driver.cpp, Stack.h, Stack.cc, Queue.h,
Queue.cc, DLinkedList.h, DLinkedList.cc, Makefile, etc.).

9) Verify that everything in your new directory is what (and only what) is needed for
the TA to compile and test your program.

10) Verify that your new directory is free of object files, executables, and temporary
files (like those ending in ~ or starting in .swp).

13) Inside this directory, you are to compute the md5 checksum of your Stack.cc and Queue.cc 
files. We will do this using the md5sum command. Re-direct the output of this command to a 
file, named STACK.CHKSUM and QUEUE.CHKSUM respectively. 
	md5sum Stack.cc > STACK.CHKSUM
	md5sum Queue.cc > QUEUE.CHKSUM

IMPORTANT NOTE: Once you have computed this checksum, any changes to the files on which these
sums were computed will result in a different value for the checksum.
DO NOT EDIT YOUR Stack.cc OR Queue.cc FILES AFTER YOU HAVE COMPUTED THE CHECKSUM, OTHERWISE 
YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE POINTS FOR HAVING COMPLETED THE LAB DURING THE LAB SESSION TODAY.

14) Create a tar.gz archive (in gzip format) of the directory from the previous steps.
This archive should be named username_lab07.tar.gz where username is replaced as in the
previous labs. For example: jdoe6_lab06.tar.gz

15) Once you have done these things, raise your hand and wait for the TA/CA to respond. 
Show them your archive, and list the folder from which you made the archive. Once you have
done these things, they will turn the GUI back on, and you should upload your submission
using the appropriate link on Blackboard.




valgrind --tool=memcheck --leak-check=yes --show-reachable=yes --num-callers=20 --track-fds=yes ./lab07

